fix(idempotency): treat missing idempotency key as non-idempotent transaction (no-op) when raise_on_no_idempotency_key is False (#2477)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-python: docs/utilities/idempotency.md

description: Utility
---

> <!-- markdownlint-disable MD051 -->

Author: Added this ignore because `markdownlint-docker` has been updated and is complaining about link fragments. I will inspect it in more detail.

This means that we will raise **`IdempotencyKeyError`** if the evaluation of **`event_key_jmespath`** is `None`.

???+ warning

>     To prevent errors, transactions will not be treated as idempotent if **`raise_on_no_idempotency_key`** is set to `False` and the evaluation of **`event_key_jmespath`** is `None`. Consequently, no data will be stored in the idempotency storage layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To prevent errors, transactions will not be treated as idempotent if **`raise_on_no_idempotency_key`** is set to `False` and the evaluation of **`event_key_jmespath`** is `None`. Therefore, no data will be fetched, stored, or deleted in the idempotency storage layer.
```
